.\" @(#)noteManager.1	6/04/95
.\"" $Id: noteManager.man,v 1.6 1996/08/04 15:37:53 gdraw Exp $
.\"" Copyright (C) 1995, 1996 Stephane Carrez
.\""
.\"" This file is part of Xcra.
.\""
.\"" Xcra is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\"" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\"" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\"" (at your option) any later version.
.\""
.\"" Xcra is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\"" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\"" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\"" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\""
.\"" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"" along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\"" Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\""
.TH noteManager 1 "Dec 10, 1995"
.SH NAME
noteManager \- Note Manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B noteManager
[
.B -lhsGR
] [
.B \-d
.I title
] [
.B \-f
.I file
] [
.B \-t
.I title
] [
.B \-c
.I title
] [
.B \-r
.I title
] [
.B \-a
.I title
] [
.B \-g
.I regex
] [
.B \--create
.I title
] [
.B \--append
.I title
] [
.B \--replace
.I title
] [
.B \--delete
.I title
] [
.B \--list
] [
.B \--show
] [
.B \--grep
.I regex
] [
.B \--recursive
] [
.B \--file
.I file
] [
.B \--title
.I title
] [
.B \--external
.I title
] [
.B \--subnotes
.I title
] [
.B \-geometry
] [
.I args
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\""
.PP
.I noteManager
is a small general purpose note manager tool. Notes represent free text
which is associated to a title and saved in a notes file. The notes file
is intended to be used to save some free text information strongly
correlated to the current task maintainted by
.IR xcra (1).
For each task, it is possible to associate a notes file. In that case,
each time the current task is changed, the current
notes file is also changed. When a task is not associated to a notes file,
a default notes file is used.
There exists three types of note in a notes file:
.\""
.IP "\fBGeneral\fP"
The content of the note is stored in the notes file. It can be edited by
.IR Xcra (1)
or by
.IR noteManager .
The purpose of such notes is for example to remember some complex commands,
some temporary information, some actions to perform on the current task,
some actions made on the current task, ...
.\""
.IP "\fBExternal\fP"
The content of the note is stored in an external file. The file can't
be edited by
.IR Xcra (1)
nor by
.I noteManager
(this is a current limitation which may be removed later) but
can be viewed in read-only mode.
.\""
.IP "\fBSub notes\fP"
The sub notes represents an entry point for another notes file. This
allows the construction of graphs of notes. The construction of graphs
of notes is useful with the search option (\fI--grep\fP)
because it allows a deep scanning of all the possible notes files.
.\""
.SS OPTIONS
.\""
.I noteManager
supports the following options:
.TP "\w'--recursive  'u"
-c \fItitle\fP
.TP
--create \fItitle\fP
Create a new note entry point whose title will be
.I title
and fill it with a text. If arguments are
specified, the note is filled with them. If no argument is specified,
the standard input is read.
.\""
.TP
-a \fItitle\fP
.TP
--append \fItitle\fP
Append a text to the existing note whose title is
.IR title .
.\""
.TP
-r \fItitle\fP
.TP
--replace \fItitle\fP
Replace the content of the note whose title is
.I title
by a new text.
.\""
.TP
-S \fItitle\fP
.TP
--subnotes \fItitle\fP
Creates a subnote entry point whose title is
.IR title .
The path of the subnotes must be specified as last argument.
.\""
.TP
-x \fItitle\fP
.TP
--external \fItitle\fP
Creates an external entry point whose title is
.IR title .
The path of the external file must be specified as last argument.
.\""
.TP
-d \fItitle\fP
.TP
--delete \fItitle\fP
Deletes the note entry point whose title is
.IR title .
.\""
.TP
-l
.TP
--list
List all the note entry points.
.\""
.TP
-s
.TP
--show
Show the content of each note.
.\""
.TP
-g \fIregex\fP
.TP
--grep \fIregex\fP
Grep the regular expression \fIregex\fP on each note.
.\""
.TP
-R
.TP
--recursive
Recursively lists/shows/greps all the notes.
.\""
.\""
.SH EXAMPLE
.\""
.\""
When
.I noteManager
is combined with a X cut buffer tool such as
.IR xcb (1),
it provides a kind of persistency for the X11 cut buffers. Furthermore,
the definition of some binding keys in the window manager, allows to
quickly save the current selection or paste a complete note content.
.\""
.nf
.sp 1
xcb -p 0 | noteManager -r ScratchText1
.fi
.sp 1
.P
This command saves the cut buffer 0 (current selection) in the note
.IR ScratchText1 .
.\""
.nf
.sp 1
noteManager -s -t ScratchText1 | xcb -s 
.\""
.SH AUTHOR
.nf
St\('ephane Carrez
ciceron@chorus.fr
.\""
.\""
.\""
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IR xcra (1),
.IR xcb (1)
